{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f28\froman\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}
{\f29\froman\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}{\f30\froman\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f172\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f173\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f175\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f176\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f177\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f178\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f179\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title Joint Copyright Assignment by Contributor}
{\author Dominic Ludlam}{\operator Dominic Ludlam}{\creatim\yr2004\mo5\dy25\hr20\min19}{\revtim\yr2004\mo5\dy25\hr20\min41}{\printim\yr2004\mo5\dy25\hr20\min19}{\version4}{\edmins28}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords659}{\nofchars3758}{\*\company }{\nofcharsws4615}
{\vern8247}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {
\b\f28\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Joint Copyright Assignment by Contributor
\par To International Business Machines Corporation ("IBM")
\par }{\i\f29\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Contact Information:
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\tx2520\tlul\tx8280\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Name:\tab Dominic Ludlam\tab 
\par Representative:\tab \tab 
\par E-mail:\tab dom@recoil.org\tab 
\par Mailing Address:\tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab 
\par Telephone:\tab \tab 
\par Facsimile:\tab \tab 
\par Country:\tab United Kingdom\tab 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 C
ontributor represents that it owns, and has sufficient rights to contribute, all source code and related material (the "Contribution") intended to be compiled or integrated with the source code and related material for the ICU open source project (includi
ng ICU4C, ICU4J and ICU4JNI) which Contributor delivers, and IBM accepts, for incorporation into the ICU open source project.
\par The Contribution consists of the following source code and related material:  
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\tlul\tx8280\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Alterations and additions to existing code of the genrb utility program for parsing ICU\tab 
\par resource bundle files and creating a linked list of the parsed resources.\tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\tx2520\tlul\tx8280\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 For good and valuable consideration, receipt of which Contributor acknowledges, Contributor hereby assigns to IBM joint copy
right ownership in the Contribution.  Contributor retains joint ownership in the Contribution without restriction.  IBM and Contributor will jointly own the Contribution and each shall be free to use, execute, copy, make derivative works of, distribute, s
ell, license and otherwise transfer the Contribution and derivative works thereof at each party's sole discretion, without any obligation of accounting to the other.  
\par Contributor agrees that this assignment may be submitted by IBM to register a copyright in the Contribution.  
\par Contributor agrees not to initiate suit asserting any Patent Rights in the Contribution against those who use or distribute the Contribution or the Contribution in combination with the ICU project code to which it was contributed:  (1
) only if such use or distribution is for the purpose of implementing the ICU APIs; and (2) with respect to combinations, only if, at the time the Contribution is submitted by the Contributor, the addition of the Contribution causes such combination to be
 covered by the Patent Rights.    
\par Patent Rights mean patent claims licensable by the Contributor which are necessarily infringed by the use or distribution of the Contribution alone or when combined with the ICU project code.
\par Notwithstanding the above, this agreement not to initiate suit by Contributor shall not apply to any party who asserts its own patent rights against the Contributor.
\par This Copyright Assignment shall be governed by the substantive Laws of the State of New York notwithstanding the choice of law provisions and the Intellectual Property Laws of the United States of America.
\par }{\f30\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 THE CONTRIBUTION IS OTHERWISE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS 
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE CONTRIBUTION OR THE US
E OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE CONTRIBUTION.}{\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\tx2520\tlul\tx8280\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Signed:\tab \tab 
\par Date:\tab 26 May 2004\tab 
\par Printed Name and Title:\tab Mr. Dominic Ludlam.\tab 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par Please fax and then send a signed original of this assignment to: 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\tx1080\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f28\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Fax:}{\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 \tab +1 (408) 256-0799
\par }{\b\f28\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Address:}{\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 \tab ICU Project; IBM MS 50-2/B11; 5600 Cottle Rd; San Jose, CA 95193
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \page }{\b\f28\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Contributor Questionnaire
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 We would also appreciate it if you would answer the following questions:
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 1)\tab Did you write all the Contribution yourself?
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\tlul\tx8280\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Yes.\tab \tab 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 2)\tab If not, who else is an author?
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\tlul\tx8280\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab 
\par }\pard \ql \li360\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 3)\tab Did you refer to any third party material or code when you wrote the Contribution?
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\tlul\tx8280\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 The existing source of the ICU genrb program which the Contribution alters only.\tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab 
\par }\pard \ql \li360\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 4)\tab If you are employed by a university (or are a student thereof), corporation or other entity, please confirm t
hat you have been given permission by the university, corporation or other entity to assign joint copyright rights to the Contribution, if applicable.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\tlul\tx8280\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab 
\par }\pard \ql \li360\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 5)\tab Do you the individual Contributor or, where the Contributor is an entity, the individual(s) inv
olved in the authoring and/or submission of the Contribution you know of any rights such as patents or contract restrictions related to the Contribution that would affect its use and distribution by others?
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\tlul\tx8280\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 To Contributor's actual knowledge on the date this document is signed by Contributor,\tab \tab 
\par and without further inquiry or any patent search, no.\tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par (E.g., To Contributor's actual knowledge on the date this document is signed by Contributor, and without further inquiry or any patent search, no.)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }}
