{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f28\froman\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}
{\f29\froman\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}{\f30\froman\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f31\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Mangal;}{\f99\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f100\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f102\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f103\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f104\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f105\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f106\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f31\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar
\tx2520\tlul\tx8280\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Fillin;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\tlul\tx8280\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon15 \snext16 Fillin2;}}{\info{\title Joint Copyright Assignment by Contributor}{\author IBM_User}{\operator Vivek Magotra}{\creatim\yr2005\mo6\dy24\hr18\min12}
{\revtim\yr2005\mo6\dy24\hr18\min12}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords682}{\nofchars3892}{\*\company IBM}{\nofcharsws4779}{\vern8269}}\margt900\margb900 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f31\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\f28\fs22 
Joint Copyright Assignment by Contributor
\par To International Business Machines Corporation ("IBM")
\par }{\i\f29\fs22 Contact Information:
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\tx2520\tlul\tx8280\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Name:\tab Vivek Magotra\tab 
\par Representative:\tab PalmSource, Inc.\tab 
\par E-mail:\tab vivek.magotra@palmsource.com\tab 
\par Mailing Address:\tab 1188 E Arques Ave, Sunnyvale, CA 94085\tab 
\par \tab \tab 
\par Telephone:\tab 408.400.1537\tab 
\par Facsimile:\tab \tab 
\par Country:\tab USA\tab 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f31\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f30\fs22 
Contributor represents that it owns, and has sufficient rights to contribute, all source code and related material (the "Contribution") intended to be compiled or integrated with the source
 code and related material for the ICU open source project (including ICU4C, ICU4J and ICU4JNI) which Contributor delivers, and IBM accepts, for incorporation into the ICU open source project.
\par }\pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\tlul\tx8280\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {The Contribution consists of the following source code and rela
ted material. Please describe the contribution briefly, list all filenames of added or modified files, and give an estimated number of lines of code added or modified per file.
\par ppalmos.h - }{Platform-dependent typedefs and defines to port ICU to Palm OS.}{\tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\tx2520\tlul\tx8280\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f31\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f30\fs22 
For good and valuable consideration, receipt of which Contributor acknowledges, Contributor hereby assigns to IBM joint copyright ownership in the Contribution.  Contributor retains joint ownership in the Contribution without restricti
on.  IBM and Contributor will jointly own the Contribution and each shall be free to use, execute, copy, make derivative works of, distribute, sell, license and otherwise transfer the Contribution and derivative works thereof at each party's sole discreti
on, without any obligation of accounting to the other.  
\par Contributor agrees that this assignment may be submitted by IBM to register a copyright in the Contribution.  
\par Contributor agrees not to initiate suit asserting any Patent Rights in the Contribution a
gainst those who use or distribute the Contribution or the Contribution in combination with the ICU project code to which it was contributed:  (1) only if such use or distribution is for the purpose of implementing the ICU APIs; and (2) with respect to co
mbinations, only if, at the time the Contribution is submitted by the Contributor, the addition of the Contribution causes such combination to be covered by the Patent Rights.    
\par Patent Rights mean patent claims licensable by the Contributor which are necessarily infringed by the use or distribution of the Contribution alone or when combined with the ICU project code.
\par Notwithstanding the above, this agreement not to initiate suit by Contributor shall not apply to any party who asserts its own patent rights against the Contributor.
\par This Copyright Assignment shall be governed by the substantive Laws of the State of New York notwithstanding the choice of law provisions and the Intellectual Property Laws of the United States of America.
\par }{\f30\fs20 THE CONTRIBUTION IS OTHER
WISE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAG
ES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE CONTRIBUTION OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE CONTRIBUTION.}{\f30\fs22 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\tx2520\tlul\tx8280\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Signed:\tab Vivek Magotra\tab 
\par Date:\tab June 24, 2005\tab 
\par Printed Name and Title:\tab Vivek Magotra, Senior Software Engineer\tab 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f31\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f30\fs22 
\par Please complete this assignment form electronically, email it to the requester or to icuintl@us.ibm.com and then print and sign it and send it to the following address:
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f30\fs22 IBM\line ICU Project, c/o Markus Scherer\line MS 50-2/B11\line 5600 Cottle Rd\line San Jose, CA 95193\line USA
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\tx1080\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f30\fs22 \page }{\b\f28\fs28 Contributor Questionnaire
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f30\fs22 We would also appreciate it if you would answer the following questions:
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f30\fs22 1)\tab Did you write all the Contribution yourself?
\par }\pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\tlul\tx8280\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {No\tab \tab 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f31\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f30\fs22 2)\tab If not, who else is an author?
\par }\pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\tlul\tx8280\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Ken Krugler\tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li360\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin360\itap0 \f31\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f30\fs22 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f30\fs22 3)\tab Did you refer to any third party material or code when you wrote the Contribution?
\par }\pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\tlul\tx8280\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Yes (pwin32.h and pmacos.h from the ICU source distribution)\tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li360\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin360\itap0 \f31\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f30\fs22 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f30\fs22 4)\tab If you are employed by a university (or are a student thereof), corporation or other entity, please confirm th
at you have been given permission by the university, corporation or other entity to assign joint copyright rights to the Contribution, if applicable.
\par }\pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\tlul\tx8280\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Yes.\tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li360\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin360\itap0 \f31\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f30\fs22 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f30\fs22 5)\tab Do you the individual Contributor or, where the Contributor is an entity, the individual(s) 
involved in the authoring and/or submission of the Contribution, know of any rights such as patents or contract restrictions related to the Contribution that would affect its use and distribution by others?
\par }\pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\tlul\tx8280\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f30\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {No.\tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f31\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f30\fs22 
\par (E.g., To Contributor's actual knowledge on the date this document is signed by Contributor, and without further inquiry or any patent search, no.)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f30\fs22 
\par }}