PMC Meeting Minutes
===================
18 Feb 2004
10:00 AM PT

Attendes
========
Deborah Goldsmith (Apple)
Craig Cummings (Oracle)
Markus Scherer
George Rhoten
Vladimir
Steven R. Loomis
Eric Mader
Andy Heninger
Alan Liu

Agenda (provided by Markus)
======
Initial agenda items:
- Technical discussions. I will try to prepare a list of Jitterbugs.
- Also, Craig Cummings replied to me with:
   Note that I don't have any particular agenda items -- nor do I have any
   hidden agenda items like JSR-204. Or maybe I do, like what is ICU planning
   to add to make up for all the missing APIs that JSR-204 didn't implement? :(

---- list of Jitterbugs needing discussion ----
Jitterbugs tentatively scheduled for ICU 3.0

3505  .dat files should be bit-for-bit identical on all platforms
3373  does root need an entry for each display code?
3450  C++ Coding Guidelines, boilerplate
2825  Add new API to format/parse currency
       `Currency amount' support via NumberFormat API OR Formattable
2885  Currency API
       NumberFormat currency instance factory methods (for convenience)
3321  Standardize rule/pattern quoting
       RFE: Standardize rule/pattern quoting
2503  need a policy on UErrorCodes - reuse across services or per-service
2952  define and fix ParseError postContext handling
3386  locale explorer should use APIs
3451  RFE: Multi-Threaded Test Framework
3474  Serialization/Deserialisation of "com.ibm.icu.util.GregorianCalendar" incorrect
       investigate serialization for icu4j
3528  Fix Fragile Inheritance
3549  getLocale() revisited
       getLocale() rebooted
3607  RFE: Ensure consistent API parameter checking
2742  RFE: Perl Short form character names
3424  Perl aware UnicodeSets
2934  RFE: Thai-Latin transform in ICU4C

Jitterbugs scheduled for after ICU 3.0

3504  Remove Endianness From Package Names
2027  RFE: consider charset name matching to ignore leading 0s
2893  currency formatting ugly with non-symbol currency names
3274  Korean Hangul rendering is incomplete : U+1100 Jamo support(with opentype fonts) is missing
2007  UnicodeSet contains(String) incorrect
       RFE: UnicodeSet.indexOf()
3095  C++ UnicodeSet iteration clumsy
3441  Extra UnicodeSet functions
       RFE: UnicodeSet.getNormalized() & UnicodeSet.toCase()
2903  RFE: convenience API for ID strings Unicode<->char * strings
2972  Don't check for NULL this or NULL references
2526  Style handling in transliterator
3464  hex escape transliterator needs to understand \xhh

Minutes
=======
1. [Markus] Craig wants to talk about ICU Java support.
   We'll do that later in the meeting.

2. [Deborah] C API for regex for 3.0?
   [Andy] It will be done for 3.0 ("must do").

3. #3505 [Eric] *.dat files work moving between platforms
   but they are not binary identical.  They are not even
   the same size between Win32 and Linux.
   [Markus] EOL may be a difference.
   [Vladimir] We should do it so that we can know that files
   are correctly generated if they binary compare as equal
   between platforms.
   [Markus] Swapper tool should produce binarily identical file
   from another platform.
   [Alan] So the task is larger -- we actually want to 
   canonicalize the data file format on all platforms, modulo the
   swapper tool.
   [Markus] We can probably fix this by taking care of line ends
   on differnt platforms so that they are the same.

4. #3373 [Markus] Does root need an entry for each display code?
   [Mark] Two goals are: #1. Be able to get a list for testing.  
   #2. Be able to get a list for localizers.
   [George] Taking the example of Ram's tool, we don't want
   different tools implementing the locale lookup code.
   [Mark] Reason #3. For tools.
   Things we need a list for:
    - ISO country
    - ISO language
    - script
    - timezone
    - ISO currency
    - exceptional ISO3066 codes
   [Alan] If we had a small utility library that provided
   an API to iterate over these lists then test code, tools, localization
   utilities, etc., could all use this API. Then it doesn't matter
   to the user where the data is.
   [Andy] But we still might not want data to be spread out
   if someone wants to go look and see where the data actually is.
   [Markus] Let's move the lists out of root and create
   some mechanism to access these lists.

5. Java JSR 204.
   [Craig] What work do we have 
   There were a number of things that JDK 204 did not implement
   and what is happening with them.
   [Mark] Things that are missing or that were not implemented
   can go into ICU4J, or in some cases are in ICU4J already.
   The other thing we will be doing is having alias methods
   that map ICU4J to Sun-like API.
   Most of what we'll be doing is adding aliases.

6. #3450 C++ coding guidelines.
   [Andy] Defer discussion until next meeting.

7. #2825 Currency parse/format
   [*] Conclusion is that we will add a new Object subclass on Java
   and a new Formattable flavor on C++ that contains a Number
   and a currency.  The formattable flavor on C++ should not
   be constrained to a double -- it should be designed so that
   if/when we add bigdecimal support to ICU4C, it works.

8. #2885 Don't need new API now; refile last two lines as a separate bug.

9. #3321 Standardize rule/pattern quoting
   [Andy] We can't do anything without some initial research.
   [Mark] Two pieces.
   1. Document what the conventions are. Do this in the 3.0
   time frame, can be post-DCUT.
   2. Actually make changes later.
   [Mark] Add on to the MessageFormat apostrophe bug to survey
   the other syntax uses.

10. [Markus] We will have ICU phone meetings every two weeks
    starting today.  Please get your agenda items to me
    in advance of each meeting.
