ICU Core Meeting Minutes
=========================
Copyright (c) 2006 IBM and others

Doug Felt           - Google
Markus Scherer      - Google
Vladimir Weinstein  - Google
Deborah Goldsmith   - Apple
Andy Heninger       - IBM
Steven Loomis       - IBM
Eric Mader          - IBM
John Emmons         - IBM
Yoshito Umaoka      - IBM
Ram Viswanadha      - IBM
Michael Ow          - IBM

1. Review of action items
    A001. Eric to work with Doug for porting generic timezone formatting code to ICU4C 
            Due: Post 3.6
    A002. Everyone to review jitterbugs assigned to them  
            Status: OPEN Due: 2006-08-04
    A003.  Deborah to submit an RFE for making this option set by configure script
            Status: OPEN
    A004. Mark to evaluate jitterbug 5186 in ICU4J
            Status: OPEN
    A005. Deborah to fix jitterbug 5186 in ICU4C
             Status: OPEN
    A006. Andy to check with lawyers about publishing code for collation probe program
            Status: OPEN
    A007. Markus to futz around with different options for cnv binary file and report back to the group with recommendation.
            Status: OPEN Due: Post 3.6
    A008. George to change symbols to display name
            Status: OPEN
    A009. Ram to filter out data while generating ICU data
            Status: OPEN
    A010. Ram to move internal tools to public repository
            Status: OPEN
    A011: Eric & Steven to work on binary files and report back
            Status: OPEN
    A012: Steven to fix the build process for generating zoneinfo.txt
    A013: Everyone to help test the new server once Steven sends out the instructions.
    A014: Ram to include haw data in default build
    
2. Olson Data - JB# 4176
    Deborah: Drop in the Olson data and ICU should pick it up automatically
    Markus: tz code does not need to be patched. We decided to check in relavent pieces
    Deborah: The make files are notset up right. They need to fixed. Add an option to the tool
            to fetch tzdata from a specified location
    Decision - A012

3. Repository move to subversion
    Steven - presented a status of the new repository
    Decision - A013

4. Reasons why users should move to Unicode 5.0
    Markus : Case folding improved
    Deborah : Properties stabilized
    Markus: The Unicode editorial committee has more compelling reasons. Wait for Mark to give us an update.
    
5. CLDR draft data in ICU
    John: ICU currently does not include data that is marked draft="provisional" in ICU. Should that be the policy?
    Ram: ICU only includes data that is vetted in ICU by default. Tools let you pick and choose data to be included
    George: locales that are required by Whitepaper are included by default
    Ram: For all locales not all vetted data is included. Vetted data is judiciously pruned by default.
    Deborah: Is there a process for ICU users to request certain locales to be included into the default build
    George: There is no formal process. If a major ICU cucstomer requires certain locales to be included 
            we could include it on a case by case basis. This is done to control the data library size.
    Deborah: Can haw locale be included in ICU by default? Apple would like it to be
    George: Since haw locale does not increase the size substantially we can include it
    Decision - see A014