PMC Meeting Minutes
===================
2003-06-23

Attendees (All IBM unless noted)
=========
Tex Texin [Xencraft]
Mark Davis
Markus Scherer
George Rhoten
Syn Wee Quek
Eric Mader
Vladimir Weinstein
Ram Viswanadha
Steve Atkin
Andy Heninger
Robert Buck [Mathworks]

Agenda
======
- ICU 2.6 released! Comments?
Markus:
	Gave an overview of ICU 2.6. Comments?
Steve:
	+ ICU4J 2.6 Modularization worked great
	+ In the Modularized build the meta information should be part of the manifest of the jar file
Mark:
	+ The componentization of ICU, there will be a facility to query the services
	+ Some of the tasks are slated for 2.8
Steven:
	+ How do you incorporate this feature into JLog?
Mark:
	+ Discussion needed 
Ram:
	+ Bug already filed, will be easy with Ant 1.5
George:
	+ In Java we can use Reflection to figure out which components are available
Mark:
	+ In C it is a bit tricky. Discussion needed
Mark:
	+ Will send out the updated componentization document


- Tex: Feedback on the User Guide collation chapter?

Tex:
	+ Will get to it in couple of weeks

Vladimir:
	+ Will send out the updated chapter

Andy:
	+ Why is the source of Userguide on local cvs?

Markus:
	+ The build system is a bit arcane

Mark:
	+ We should move the source to the public CVS


- ICU 2.8 high-level plans

Markus:
	+ ICU 2.8 will be released at the end of the year
	+ Unicode 4.0.1 update will be picked up
	+ UCA 4.0 update will be picked up
Mark:
	+ UCA 4.0 and Unicode 4.0.1 will be available in September
	+ Gave an overview of the changes

Vladimir:
	+ UCA 4.0 will not be synched with Unicode 4.0.1

Mark:
	+ Collation will not be affected by the changes 

Markus:
	+ Vladimir already proposed changes for Numeric sorting
	+ StringPrep APIs are being added
	+ LocaleML version 1.0 released
Mark:
	+ Gave an overview of LocaleML
	+ Generate the currency data in LocaleML
	+ All of ICU data will be available in LocaleML format
Markus:
	+ LocaleIDs	
	+ Historical TimeZones
	+ Multiple calendar support
	+ Keyword IDs

Mark:
	+ Parmeter of Collation and keywords should be discussed
	+ Steven will be updating the Collation demo 

Tex: 
	+ LocaleIDs and Scripts .. will these be picked up by Java?

Mark:
	+ ICU will be updated to to 3066
	+ Interoperability with Windows
Tex:
	+ Let Java and other software enviroments should be informed about this direction
	+ Integration and Interoperation should not be jeopardized
Mark:
	+ LocaleML is a step towards this direction

Tex:
	+ LocaleML is not being picked up and advancing rapidly
	+ Viewing and usability

Mark:
	+ The ICU locale data can be looked at from the locale explorer

Helena:
	+ What are steps that need to taken, that are not being done?

Tex:
	+ need to give it some thought and generate some noise
	++ will provide feedback

Helena:
	+ Put a link on LocaleML to locale explorer

Tex:
	+ would be nice if Google could point to the locale explorer and bring up the locale data

George:
	+ Indexing is a problem with the Sever folks
	++ Will look into getting it indexed by Google

Mark:
	+ Does locale explorer have a link to the LocaleML data?

George:
	+ Locale explorer already has it

Tex:
	+ What versions of ICU are people using and what kind of comments?

Markus:
	+ People usually complain when something does not work

Mark:
	+ Most mails are about build issues

Tex:
	+ Solicit feedback and RFEs for the next release

Mark:
	++ Will have to be done for ICU 3.0


- ustdio cleanup; especially printf/scanf formatting characters
   (please see the proposal and discussion on the icu list)

George:
	+ Redesign and fix the bugs in ustdio and make it a supported library

Robert:
	+ int64 should be supported

Long discussion about the support followed

Decision:
	%ld 	32 bits
	%lld	64 bits



