ICU Core Meeting Minutes
=========================
Copyright (c) 2006 IBM and others

Doug Felt           - Google
Vladimir Weinstein  - Google
Mark Davis          - Google
Markus Scherer      - Google
Deborah Goldsmith   - Apple
Andy Heninger       - IBM
Steven Loomis       - IBM
Eric Mader          - IBM
John Emmons         - IBM
Ram Viswanadha      - IBM
Michael Ow          - IBM
Yoshito Umaoka      - IBM



1. Review of action items
    A001. Eric to work with Doug for porting generic timezone formatting code to ICU4C 
            Due: Post 3.6
    A005. Andy to check with lawyers about publishing code for collation probe program
            Status: OPEN
    A006. Markus to futz around with different options for cnv binary file and report back to the group with recommendation.
            Status: OPEN Due: Post 3.6
    A007. Ram to move internal tools to public repository
            Status: OPEN
    A010: Everyone to help test the new server once Steven sends out the instructions.
            Status: OPEN
    A014: George to fix the links on the navigation bar. Steven to propagate the fixes to ICU websites.
            Status: OPEN
    A015: Everyone to review the release page and send feedback
            Status: OPEN
    A017: Ram to check LDML2ICUConverter and respond to Deborah
    A018: Ram to submit a bug to review all internal API early in 3.8 cycle.
    A019: Steven & Markus to figure out the problem with UCARules file and report back
            Status: OPEN
    A020: Everyone to look at private bugs and send list of bugs that should not be opened
            Status: DONE
    A021: Steven to compare and contrast the current priority levels with priority levels of Trac
            Status: DONE
    A022: Steven to document the transition process
            Status: ONGOING
    A023: Everyone to look at trac and send comments. Shooting for mid october transition.
            Status: PENDING
    A024: Steven & Andy to work together to look at subversion speed
    A025: George & Andy to work together to put instructions on sourceforge 
    A026: Yoshito to check with Eclipse team and evaluate if the wrapper code needs to be updated
    A027: Everyone to think about ICU 3.6 release process and send feedback
    A028: Ram to submit a bug for heap usage analysis of ICU4J
    
2. DateTimePatternGenerator
    Mark: Doug reviewed the API and suggested many changes to the API. The API should be demoted to technology preview
    Decision: demote the API as Technology preview
    
3. Milestone builds
    George: We should follow Eclipse's notion of milestone builds and manage our releass that way
    Everyone agreed that this was a good idea and should be considered in the planning meeting
    
4. ICU4J 3.6 status
    Ram gave a status report of ICU4J 3.6 release
    Summary: On target
    
5. ICU After Action Review:
    George: Separation of ICU4C & ICU4J releases is a bad idea
    Long discussion followed. Everyone agreed that in the future the releases should not  be separated.
