Topic:     ICU Development Team Meeting
Date:      12/07/1999
Time:      9:00AM - 10:00AM
Place:     IBM Corp.
Host:        Helena Shih(hshih@us.ibm.com)
             IBM Corp.

Attendees:
  David Craig (NCR)                        david.craig@ncr.com
  Alan Liu (IBM)                           alan@finwhale.com
  Markus Scherer (IBM)                     schererm@us.ibm.com
  Helena Shih (IBM)                        hshih@us.ibm.com
  Tex Texin (Progress)                     texin@progress.com  
  Bob Verbrugge (Compuware)                bobv@nl.compuware.com
  Steve Watt (Progress)                    swatt@progress.com
  Vladimir Weinstein (IBM)                 vweinste@us.ibm.com
  Laura Werner (IBM)                       lwerner@us.ibm.com

Minutes Takers:
  Helena Shih

- Agenda for today's meeting
- Action items from today's meeting
- Next meeting schedule

#Agenda for today's meeting#

     - Action item review from the previous meetings
     - 16th Unicode Conference abstract
     - Proposal votings
     - Future meeting schedule
     - Action items from this meeting

Recap of the action items from previous Meetings:

Current PMC members are,

    Mark Davis
    Hideki Hiura
    Helena Shih [alternate: Markus Scherer]
    Tex Texin [alternate: Steve Watt]
    Bob Verbrugge [alternate: Jesper Larsen (Jesper_Larsen@nl.compuware.com)]
    Laura Werner

Action item status:
      [r] : removed
      [-] : completed
      [ ] : open

[ ] T08301999-02 [Tom and Alan] :    Contact each other regarding
transliteration framework issues.
[ ] T10251999-06 [All] :             All the ICU development team members
should subscribe to the ICU mailing lists.
[ ] T10251999-07 [All] :             Send prioritization comments to
Helena.
[ ] T11081999-02 [Laura]          Finalize the name issue with IBM
marketing.
[ ] T11081999-04 [PMC members]    Find an alternate for each member of the
PMC.
[ ] T11081999-06 [All]            Examine the API change process and submit
change suggestions to Helena.
[ ] T11231999-01 [Helena]         Go over the current APIs and mark draft and stable.
[-] T11231999-02 [Mark]           Send out the java article regarding Collator. (Durable APIs?)
[ ] T11231999-03 [PMC members]    ICU testing issues.
[ ] T11231999-04 [Steve Loomis]   Look into Win32 build issues.

2. Feature Request Prioritization
a. UTF-8 (jitterbug 102) and UTF16 Support (jitterbug 176).  Proposed by David and Tex.

b. C and C++ dependency (jitterbug 177)  Proposed by Bob.

c. Rename errorName() to u_ErrorName() and move the implementation to C.  (jitterbug 175) Proposed by Markus.

3. 16th Unicode Conference 

Tex is still waiting on Mark Lesher to participate.  Helena will contact Qt and glibc representative.

4. Proposal voting

a. jitterbug 142: 3 options are presented for resolving this,

    i. Same behavior as in JDK, always hardcode "he" to "iw" at locale construction tiem.
    ii. Provide an aliasing mechanism in ResourceBundle.  The look up mechanism will always use "iw" as the alias of "he" if it's specified so in the resource bundle.
    iii. Only provide support for the new ISO code, e.g. "he".

Voting result: we will adopt option ii.

Mark (absentee): i.  Tex: ii. Laura: don't care.  Helena: ii.  Bob: ii.
Alan: ii.  David: ii. Markus: ii.  Vladimir: ii.  

#Action Items from This Meeting#

[ ] T12091999-01 [Helena]         Go over the current APIs and figure out which ones needs to enabled for UTF-8 processing.
[-] T12091999-02 [Helena]         File UTF-8 EBCDIC feature request to jitterbug system.  (jitterbug 178)

#Next Meeting Schedule#

The next ICU meeting will be held on 12/21/1999 from 9AM-10AM PST, 12PM-1PM
EST.  The call-in number and pass code will be provided at least 24 hour
prior to the meeting.
